Change mentions of optional null safety (#4819)
dart-lang/site-www: src/overview.md

which can be useful during experimentation or
for code that needs to be especially dynamic.

> Dart offers [sound null safety](/null-safety).

Reviewer: "offers" make it seem optional.

```suggestion
Dart has built-in [sound null safety](/null-safety).
```

This means values can’t be null unless you say they can be.
With sound null safety, Dart can protect you from
null exceptions at runtime through static code analysis.
Unlike many other null-safe languages,
when Dart determines that a variable can't be null,
that variable can never be null.
If you inspect your running code in the debugger,

> you see that runtime retains this non-nullability; hence _sound_ null safety.

Reviewer: It doesn't make sense to say that "runtime retains". You could technically say "the runtime retains" but developers shouldn't have to worry about "the runtime".

```suggestion
you see that non-nullability is retained at runtime; hence _sound_ null safety.
```
